# CONTRIBUTION LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Contribution License Agreement (the “CLA”) is between the individual set forth in the signature block (“You”) and Golangci OÜ, (“GolangCI”), effective as of the date of Your signature and sets forth the terms pursuant to which You provides Contributions to GolangCI.

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions submitted to GolangCI. In return, GolangCI will not use Your Contributions in a way that is contrary to GolangCI’s business objectives. Except for the license granted herein to GolangCI and recipients of software distributed by GolangCI, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.

Definitions. “Contribution” means any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that You intentionally submit to GolangCI for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by GolangCI (the “Work”). “Submit” means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to GolangCI or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, GolangCI for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as “Not a Contribution.”

Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this CLA, You hereby grant to GolangCI and to recipients of software distributed by GolangCI a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to use, copy, reproduce, prepare derivative works of, sublicense, distribute and publicly perform and display the Contributions on any licensing terms, including without limitation: (a) open source licenses like the MIT license; and (b) binary, proprietary, or commercial licenses.

Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this CLA, You hereby grant to GolangCI and to recipients of software distributed by GolangCI a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that Your Contribution, or the Work to which You have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this CLA for that Contribution or Work will terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

Representations and Warranties. You represent and warrant to GolangCI that:

You are legally entitled to grant the above license, and if Your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that You create that includes Your Contributions, then You represent and warrant that You have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that Your employer has waived such rights for Your Contributions to GolangCI, or that Your employer has executed a separate CLA with GolangCI;

Each of Your Contributions is Your original creation (see section 6 for submissions on behalf of others); and

Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which You are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.

Support; Disclaimer. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to do so. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Third Party Works. If You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, then You may submit it to GolangCI separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of it.